== Welcome to Who's want to become a Memelionaire

Setup: 
git clone git@github.com:amyerz/memelioniare.git

change ENV variables

bundle install

rake:db create

rake db:migrate

rake db:seed

foreman start

##### Who Wants to be a Millionr!

Despite the name, this application is not actually the same as the popular gameshow "Who Wants to be a Millionaire". Rather, it's a quiz game for up to three friends to play together. They play sitting together, off of the same computer. When they start a game, each player is assigned a key, which serves as their buzzer. A question is then shown. The first player to press their buzzer key gets an opportunity to answer. After some number of questions, the game ends and someone is the winner.

###### THE RULES

1. TDD and Pair-Programming.
2. CoffeeScript only.
3. Github for planning.
4. Mixpanel for analytics.
5. **Solid Demos** - Rehearse if you need to.

###### 1. Basic functionality.

- Questions are plain-text. Answers are multiple-choice.
- Build the game for three players only (So there's no logic necessary for how to handle the game with only two players).
- Don't forget about analytics.
- Forget about making it look good.

###### 2. Ship it.

- Make it look good.
- Deploy it to Heroku. You may not demo off of Localhost for this project.

###### 3. Advanced functionality. Do not start any of these features until the basic functionality and design are solid and the application has been deployed.

- Support two or three players - or more, if you want.
- Questions should allow for media like photos or videos.
- Answers can be either multiple-choice or text.
- Add sound effects using the *[Teach Yo Self™](https://github.com/sumeetjain/WDI-SF-May-2013/wiki/Homework#friday-august-2)* homework - perhaps for a game ending and a buzzer-press.
- Add an admin area where questions/answers can be added. If questions can have media in them, this might mean adding an upload form!

